IMPORTANT: Every time YOU CREATE A NEW FOLDER THAT TIME CLOSE ALL PREVIOUS FILES.
oNCE i HAVE TYPED SOME LINES IN 25 FOLDER AND TYPED SOMETHING IN 27 FOLDER FILES
sO I WAS NOT GETTING REQURIRED OUTPUT.


sAVING article to the database
For each article I have not mentioned author name of each article and 
I'm not even storing username in the database

In themodel we have 5 tags, but I'm not storing author, saving information 
where who's logged in who's created this article so that we can output 
that data associated with article, Authors and Users.

One way to link an article with Author is with "Foreign Key"

Foreign Key is a way to associate  record from one model example in our case article
model, with a record from another model in our case user model.
So we will associate article with User

1) open models.py add 
from django.contrib.auth.models import User
importing user
then I'll associate "User" model with "author" field.
Now author field will be user

So we need to makemigrations after doing changes
but before that I'll delete all articles because None of them have Author
information.
Then I'll do makemigrations

This Foreign key is not working giving error about
null constraint.


2)Next inside views.py in articles you need to save user details in database
storing it in variable called instance
Next attach author to this instance 

3) We've access to user with request, whenever user enter details article_create
function will be fired

I couldn't find bug: While running makemigrations and migrate I got error 
regarding NULL constraint, I tried with many ways to solve it.
But finally I copied djangoprojects from 26modelforms folder then copied
author with Foreign key that time it exceuted without any error.
May be there was some bugs with Migrations folder.

4)Now after doing makemigrations and migrate 
author = models.ForeignKey(User, default=1,verbose_name='Author', on_delete=models.SET_DEFAULT)
this above command I found in sentdex you tube video for using ForeignKey in django.
In earlier version less than 2 you don't need to define on_delete
but in latest versions you need to update on_delete.
Then runserver and go too admin page in that Author block will be there.


5) Now I don't want to give dropdown list for author like when you press on 
Author list of authors names will come. But I want to do like if one new user creates 
article named ram his name should be there in author

6) go to view file inside article
When we get post request we'll get data from form and save it to the database.
For saving data in database we were using command form.save()
a)instance  = form.save(commit=False)
Storing it in variable called instance
Next attach author to that instance
b)instance.author = request.user
In instance.author we'll save user from request
c)instance.save()
saving to the database.


7) I've created new account for "Ramanna" user and created article nature, but in
that page /articles/create you won't see author block you need to go to 
/admin page to see author name.

Now when you'll go to admin page and check Nature slug article its author will
be displayed as Ramanna.    